digitize the shin of the world is seems to be almost a given these days
and we're going from digital into quantum computing so where we have
a step to go yet there we can see right now the first quantum computers
have actually been delivered so being part of the digital age
has been exciting to me been doing it a long time I'm still excited
about it I think it is a good way to do things it gives you an opportunity
to project yourself in ways you couldn't otherwise I had fun
putting together my movies page on my website where anybody who wants
to can go to my website finally can the movies I like and wildlife
Uelmen what my favorite scenes in the movies are those fun trying
to say if I were here talking to you you know when one to talk about
the movies I like you can see Atari else I've done that so I haven't
done a lot of video like this before but I this is another good way
for me to be able to express what I've learned in a way that might
be useful to you